Update rippled-server-modes.md (#1257)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/concepts/the-rippled-server/rippled-server-modes.md

    - [**Validator**](#validators) - Helps secure the network by participating in consensus
    - [**API Server**](#api-servers) - Provides [API access](get-started-using-http-websocket-apis.html) to read data from the shared ledger, submit transactions, and watch activity in the ledger. Optionally, this can be a [**Full History Server**](#full-history-servers), which keeps a complete record of transaction and ledger history.
    - [**Hub Server**](#public-hubs) - Relays messages between many other members of the peer-to-peer network.

> - [**Reporting mode**](#reporting-mode) - A specialized mode for serving API requests from a relational database. It does not participate in the peer-to-peer network. It requires a connection to a P2P Mode server. [New in: rippled 1.7.0][]

Author: ```suggestion
- [**Reporting mode**](#reporting-mode) - A specialized mode for serving API requests from a relational database. It does not participate in the peer-to-peer network, so you need to run a P2P Mode server and connect the reporting mode server using a trusted gRPC connection. [New in: rippled 1.7.0][]
```
